CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing guidelines

See the [UnitE contributing guidelines](https://github.com/dtr-org/unit-e/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Dev resources

- **Angular**
  - [Angular Syntax Styleguide](https://angular.io/guide/styleguide) - guide to Angular syntax, conventions, and application structure
- **Components**
  - [Material Components](https://material.angular.io) - overview of available Material components and example usage (stick to these as much as possible, no need to reinvent the wheel)
- **Layout**
  - [Angular fxFlex API Layouts](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/fxFlex-API) - fxFlex markup basics
  - [Declarative (static) API](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/Declarative-API-Overview) - for basic static layouts
  - [Responsive API](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/Responsive-API) - for responsive layouts
- **Icons**
  - all available icons are in [`/src/assets/icons/SVG`](https://github.com/dtr-org/unit-e-desktop/dev/src/assets/icons/SVG)
  - include via `<mat-icon fontSet="uniteIcon" fontIcon="unite-<icon_name>"></mat-icon>`

Commit message:

Make it clear that unit-e-desktop is under GPL
Signed-off-by: Cornelius Schumacher <cornelius@thirdhash.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing guidelines

See the [UnitE contributing
guidelines](https://github.com/dtr-org/unit-e/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). We
follow the same process for the desktop UI as we do for all other UnitE
software.

There is one notable difference. The desktop UI is licensed under the GPLv2 not
MIT. By contributing to this repository you agree to contribute your work under
the [GPL](LICENSE).

## Dev resources

- **Angular**
  - [Angular Syntax Styleguide](https://angular.io/guide/styleguide) - guide to Angular syntax, conventions, and application structure
- **Components**
  - [Material Components](https://material.angular.io) - overview of available Material components and example usage (stick to these as much as possible, no need to reinvent the wheel)
- **Layout**
  - [Angular fxFlex API Layouts](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/fxFlex-API) - fxFlex markup basics
  - [Declarative (static) API](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/Declarative-API-Overview) - for basic static layouts
  - [Responsive API](https://github.com/angular/flex-layout/wiki/Responsive-API) - for responsive layouts
- **Icons**
  - all available icons are in [`/src/assets/icons/SVG`](https://github.com/dtr-org/unit-e-desktop/dev/src/assets/icons/SVG)
  - include via `<mat-icon fontSet="uniteIcon" fontIcon="unite-<icon_name>"></mat-icon>`
